That stupid hacker punk really did do
a huge number on our ship, didn't he?
That Mos punk.
[Witch] You're not wrong.
Edens Zero might have
a self-repair function,
but this looks like it'll take some time.
Sorry.
Hermit, there's no need to apologize.
We're not blaming you.
Hold up. It is her fault.
This all happened because
you took your sweet time.
I said I'm sorry.
Oh yeah?
Well, you certainly don't look very sorry.
Let me guess.
You're looking forward to it, right?
Me punishing you?
-[Hermit] I'll do it.
-M-M-M-Mos! Mos! Mos!
Oh, you little twerp!
Don't you have any sense
of right and wrong?!
[chuckles]
Been a while since I last
saw you two act this way.
Sister Ivry's always picking on me.
Only because
it's so much fun to pick on you.
Rude.
Oh, sis. I'm just glad you're back.
[Witch chuckles softly]
["FOREVER" by L'ArcenCiel playing]
THE TEMPLE OF KNOWLEDGE
[grunting]
This is all part of my training?!
Don't be a baby, the water's not that hot.
Hermit, and Sister, and Witch!
I guess all that's left now
is your teacher Valkyrie!
-[Happy splashes]
-Yeah. Can't wait to see her again.
You gotta tell us
what she was like, Homura.
My master, she's the coolest.
She can be a bit of a prankster,
but I'll keep that to myself.
Everyone's been saying
that she's gone missing.
[Homura] Yes, five years ago. She just
suddenly vanished.
Nevertheless, we found Sister and Hermit.
So I'm positive
we can locate Teacher as well.
-Yeah, you're right.
-So true.
When we find her,
I am going to show Valkyrie everything
I've since learned with the sword!
So I need to train even harder!
Rebecca!
Please, fight me!
This again, really?
[Shiki and Weisz] Whoa!
So, this is it?!
[Shiki] It's the curry burger
Rebecca told us about!
[Weisz] Mine's a pizza burger!
[both] Aaah!
[playful music]
[gasping in awe]
[munching]
-Hey! Have some, Pino.
-[Pino] No, thanks.
I lack the necessary function
to detect taste,
so this nutritional supplement jelly
will have to suffice.
[slurping]
Is that drink any good?
Hey, Shiki, she just said
she can't taste anything.
[voice breaks] That's…
[sobs] …a bit depressing
when you stop to think about it.
Master…
Man, don't cry!
Weisz, please, you gotta' help her.
Can't you give Pino the gift of taste?
[Pino] Actually, I'm okay.
I have a feeling
I'll understand the sensation one day.
Regardless, there is something
I now wish to accomplish.
I wish to become a human.
[both gasping]
[noble music playing]
You know, that's not exactly--
-You can do it!
-Huh?
When I do, I'm going to keep eating
curry burgers until I burst.
-The best way to go!
-Yes!
[munching]
[Weisz] Don't those two know
machines can't become human?
I feel bad for her, but it's impossible.
However,
if it's true that Adventurers who manage
to find Mother end up being reborn,
then perhaps it is possible.
PLANET BROWN SEA
Tell me you didn't blow my cover in there.
Did you, sis?
[Amira]
Please, I never screw up like that.
They saw through your ruse.
I wasn't expecting
the real Homura to show up.
Anyway, what sort of
intelligence operative
would go into Digitalis
without changing their avatar?
To be fair, I was off the clock.
Besides, I'm the one
who gave them information on Edens Zero.
I can't let them know
where the leak came from.
You worry way too much.
Who's the questionable
intel operative now?
Whatever. We figured out
the location of Jamilov the hacker,
otherwise known as Spider.
So now I can infiltrate
Drakken Joe's operations.
[whoosh]
Sometimes I worry about you, sis.
Oh, uh, the princess is coming. See ya!
Are you playing games again, Jesse?
Uh-huh, I could do this all day.
-Don't overdo it.
-Okay.
[Jesse] Your time will come
soon enough, Elsie Crimson.
WARSHIP BELIAL GOER
[Spider] Damn it!
Those idiotic pieces of garbage! [grunts]
I'll show those stupid cockroaches
just how terrifying Drakken Joe and I are!
[crazed laughter]
-[whooshing]
-Huh?! Hmm?
Sorry, Spider,
you're gonna have to come back later.
Lord Joe is busy.
Maria!
You're still a smoking hot babe!
Ha-cha-cha!
And you're still as creepy as ever, I see.
I'm in a hurry, so,
can you move your leg for me, please?
-Hey! Don't touch me!
-[thud]
I… just had to.
-I already told you he's busy.
-[Spider giggles]
[in singsong] It's your funeral.
Hot damn!
Maria Slime is one fine lady!
Someday, I'm going to ask Drakken Joe
to make her my bride.
[giggles]
[whirring]
Hi, Drakken Joe!
Huh?
[grunts]
[Spider] This is an emergency, bro!
[gagging]
[gasps]
Will this emergency make me more money
than what I'm doing right now?
Y-- Yo!
How ya doing today, brother?
Who the hell are you?
Uh!
Oh, good one! You know it's me!
He's with our company's tech department.
I believe his name was… Flea?
Spider!
Nah. Doesn't ring a bell.
N-No way!
What do you mean?
When I fixed your PC, you said,
"From now on, you're my brother."
-I really said that?
-Dunno.
Fine. Give me a second.
-[muffled cries]
-I have to finish things here first.
-[whispers] What exactly did he do wrong?
-Keep quiet and watch, Flea.
This is Mr. Murray Morrison.
The man borrowed two million glees.
However, it's five million with interest.
Today was supposed to be
the day of repayment, sir.
[muffled cries]
I believe what he's attempting to say,
is he promises to pay it off.
Well, that's obvious.
You always gotta return
whatever you borrow.
It's just common sense.
[terrified gasping]
Hold on. Don't move too much now.
That may look like a regular glass bottle,
-but it isn't.
-[crackling]
-[muffled groan]
-[crack]
[gagging]
[Drakken Joe chuckles]
In fact, it's made from dramour ore,
the heaviest metal on the planet Guilst.
That's strange, right?
It was glass just moments ago.
-[gagging]
-[floor cracking]
As you'd expect of the Dark Alchemist!
I see now you're punishing
a piece-of-trash money borrower. [cackles]
[Drakken Joe] You mean a debtor.
So, Murray Morrison,
you were some kind of artist, right?
-[muffled groan]
-[underling] I believe he's saying, "Yes."
Well, then I suppose a few cuts
on the inside of your mouth
won't make that big a difference, will it?
[muffled terrified cries]
[glass shatters]
[groans in pain]
[crazed laughter]
Die, you piece of garbage!
[cackles]
-Why exactly does he have to die?
-Huh?
Of course I'm not gonna kill this chump.
How would he pay me back my money then?
[embarrassed gasp]
[Drakken] There's nothing more important
in the entirety of the Sakura Cosmos
than money.
This is what happens when
you don't pay back the money you owe.
You understand, kid?
Oh, don't worry, I'm happy
to hook you up with a gig.
Would you rather be a guinea pig
for some type of new drug,
or a coal miner on a dump somewhere?
-[whimpers]
-Or you could be a giant swine lady's pet.
Lord Joe,
I must inform you
that is a racist statement
at the expense of the Pigmorian people.
Okay then.
How about being a pet for a porcine alien
who happens to be large and ugly?
That will do, sir.
-[shattering]
-[Drakken Joe] Take him away.
As you wish, Lord Joe.
[whimpering]
Hey Seth, how much were our losses
from the Guilst disaster?
Incalculable.
Company lost most of its spectators.
No matter what,
we will get you what you're owed.
I can promise you that, sir.
[Spider] Hey, brother--
Lord Joe, sir, I talked--
-[Maria] Oh, boy.
-[gasps]
We need to find ourselves a new planet.
-Aaah! [shrieks]
-[Drakken Joe] So…
You better be bringing me something
that will make me more money.
[Drakken Joe] The Edens Zero?
That name rings a bell for some reason.
It's the Demon King's Warship.
Demon King? You're kidding me.
-What is this? A fantasy novel?
-[chuckles]
So,
you went and got your virtual ass
kicked by those adventurers,
then came crawling here, that right?
Well, I mean, c'mon!
Those pieces of garbage were
a humongous pain in the ass!
[squelching]
And you got beat
by those pieces of garbage.
So, you brought my name up
and came crawling back after
getting your ass handed to you.
Um… yeah?
I always conduct
company business with my reputation.
Do you understand what that means?
-Now, Seth!
-[whoosh]
[whoosh]
Huh? Wha-what?
I can't believe how fast he is.
Wai-- Wha-- What are you--?
It's a quick-draw. But it was so fast,
you didn't even notice
you got shot in the head.
-Huh?
-[body thuds]
[Drakken Joe] He didn't smell
like he was worth any money.
However, I did miss out
on asking him one important thing.
The Edens Zero.
Will the Demon King's Warship
make me any money?
[slurps]
Three out of the Four Shining Stars
are gathered now.
We need one more to make it to Mother.
Only Valkyrie is left to find.
Should I maybe take Valkyrie's place?
No, of course you can't,
you hulking dummy!
I'm sorry for all the trouble I caused.
I'll do my best to make it up
to all of you, I promise.
Don't worry about it!
[sighs]
I wonder where Teacher could be.
There's really nothing to go on?
[Weisz] Wait a second.
Weren't you on Blue Garden
because you had a lead or something?
Oh, right.
Actually, Teacher once told me she had
a friend in Blue Garden named Sister .
-Fascinating.
-Explains the Guild.
[Shiki] Why's that?
Because that's where
you can find a lot of information.
Well, yes, that is true.
But more importantly,
I was working for the Guild.
[all gasp]
Yeah, I got a job
from Master Noah years ago.
My bad, I guess I forgot to mention it.
That Master Noah, he's pretty suspicious.
[Rebecca] How so?
Remember when all you
B-Cuber girls got kidnapped?
[Sister] I don't get why Noah,
a man, was targeted.
Maybe it's because he was with me.
Even so, there shouldn't have been
a reason to take him.
[Sister] Remember what Four-Eyes said?
Safe to guess
he got caught at least once before.
And when I fell for the trap on Guilst,
I was on a job from Master Noah.
I'd venture there's a good chance
he's connected with the Guilst underworld.
The Master is a bad guy?
No way that's true.
Eh, forget about it.
-Not like we'll have to deal with him.
-[Shiki] No way.
If Master Noah did trick
Rebecca and Sister Ivry,
he's going to have to answer to me!
Yeah, we ought to focus on Valkyrie first.
What a coincidence.
That's what I wanted to say.
Hermit, do you have a lead?
I'm afraid not, but I know who might.
Well, who is it?
[Hermit] The legendary fortuneteller
of the Sakura Cosmos.
She might be able to divine
where Valkyrie is.
Whoa! The legendary fortuneteller?!
That sounds like it'd be
so exciting! [laughs]
Wait. Fortunes?
Isn't that kind of stuff just for fun?
[Sister] Nope.
This is different.
More like she knows the past, present,
future and shit than fortunetelling.
[Pino] Alert! Bad words detected.
Where?!  I need to know!
Tell me how to get to her!
Mildian, the Planet of Time.
[Hermit] Rumor has it, on that planet,
time is stopped.
GUILD SHOOTING STARLIGHT
[ringing]
Wow.
I didn't expect to hear from you,
Drakken Joe.
Have you heard of a warship that's called
the Edens Zero, eh, Master Noah?
Perhaps, but that information
will cost you.
[chuckles]
[Xiaomei] So, what did everyone
think about the story
that unfolded on Planet Digitalis?
And were any of you worried
when I informed you
that the story was going to be mean?
Huh? You're asking how the story was mean?
I suppose the nature of the narrative
can be interpreted in different ways.
Now, with Hermit back on board,
Valkyrie is the last
of the Four Shining Stars who remains.
Shiki and the gang must head
to Mildian, the Planet of Time,
home of the fortune teller.
It is said by some that time
on that planet, always stands still.
[blowing]
Oh, and that legendary fortuneteller is…
[giggles]
Ah, pardon me.
My, my. It looks like I have a customer.
It happens every once in a while.
A client comes to find me.
[droplets echoing]
[playful music]
Homura, you gotta wear the bunny costume!
That was our original deal
to let you on Edens Zero!
[Homura] I know I made the promise,
but I'm going to keep to myself
that I forgot about it.
Hey, maybe you wanna join her, Rebecca?
Not happening.
But I bet you'd get
more views on your videos.
Yeah, I don't need cheap clickbait.
[Happy] Men truly cannot help themselves.
Rebecca! How about
a see-through maid outfit?
How about a broken jaw?!
-Lust detected.
-Yup!
Let me explain how it's used.
First, go stand on that platform.
We'll start by getting your measurements.
-[beam tracking]
-Hmm.
-[beep]
-Wow.
-You're brimming with potential, Homura.
-I gotta see this.
[Hermit] The next step is to input
the outfit you want to make.
[Weisz] Okay, let's start
with your standard bunny outfit.
[chime]
[Weisz] Oh, wow! Look what else they have!
[Hermit] Once you decide on a base,
your options open up further.
You can add or remove different parts,
or even create new patterns.
Are you serious?
You said I can remove parts?!
-I can remove parts, too.
-I…
I know. I'm sorry. I won't!
-[Rebecca] Oh, wait! This is cute!
-[Weisz] There are so many options!
[Shiki] This seems more like you, though.
[Pino] Master, that is
the see-through maid outfit.
[Homura]
Can we get this over with, please?
Oh, yeah. That's the outfit!
[shrieks] Where do these hands come from?!
[groaning]
[shrieks]
[Weisz and Shiki] Hmm…
[fanfare plays]
-I call it "The Eastern Bunny."
-Oh, my goodness!
It doesn't look
that different from before.
Yes, it does!
You just don't get it, Shiki!
[Weisz] Red rabbit ears,
the beautiful Eastern pattern
and bold cleavage,
as well as the fluffy bunny butt!
Fishnet tights,
yet traditional straw sandals!
This is revolutionary!
[sighs]
Could have been worse,
all things considered.
I know, right?!
But, where did my original clothes go?
It's fine. They've all been laundered.
And then, properly stored away.
I've changed my mind! I'm in, too!
Yeah, same here!
[excited fighting grunts]
So, this is the look you seven
have decided on, huh?
I'm Mafia!
I'm a space ninja!
I'm a kitty maid!
I'm a schoolgirl!
A little fairy!
I'm a Viking!
My goodness, you all look very wonderful.
What? Are you freaking kidding me?
And now that they're all dressed up,
I suppose we're gonna have to change, too!
Really? That's unfortunate,
since I rather like this outfit.
How about this?
You help me choose, Demon King.
A see-through-- [pained grunt]
-A see-through maid outfit?
-[Shiki wincing]
-Very well, I'll wear it.
-[Rebecca] What? No! Don't do it!
Let's think about this.
You're a witch, aren't you?
So, how about a standard pointy hat, then?
[Witch] Sounds perfect.
[clack]
[both] Whoa!
Well, what do you all think?
-So pretty!
-I've never seen Witch's face before!
She's stunning!
How embarrassing.
As a witch, I don't often
show my face to anybody.
But if this is to the Demon King's liking…
Hey! This is a way better look!
Isn't it, Shiki?
Oh, yeah!
Guess sometimes a makeover can be good.
-[Mosco] Moscoy! Moscoy! Wow!
-Never mind, I take it back.
Oh!
[Hermit] We're almost there.
[Hermit] Mildian, Planet of Time.
So, the legendary fortuneteller is there?
We have to find out where Teacher is.
Everybody please be careful.
It's said on this planet
that time stands perfectly still.
[Shiki] Uh… I don't get it.
Does it mean clouds and rivers don't move?
That'd be totally creepy.
[Pino]
Are the animals in suspension as well?
You ever met them before, Hermi?
-No.
-"Hermi?"
[Hermit]
I found this information on the Internet,
but I don't know the details.
Apparently, the requirements to get them
to read your fortune are pretty harsh.
But once you do meet them,
there's no information,
past, present, or future,
that they can't find out.
[Shiki] Planet's tiny.
[Weisz] Nothing seems to be different
for a place where time stands still.
[Rebecca] Right.
The river and clouds are still moving.
[Pino] Look.
There's a building over there.
[Rebecca] Huh. Do you think
that's where this fortuneteller is?
[Shiki] It's gotta be! Let's go!
Uh, wait.
There's something written
on the front entrance.
[Pino] It says, "Please remove
all footwear before entering."
[Weisz] That's a weird thing to ask.
[Rebecca] Guess we should.
-Do I take my tights off?
-Of course not, those tights are great!
Everyone, please be careful in there.
I have found an anomaly.
There is a lot of Ether beyond this door.
[Pino] Extended exposure
has negative effects on the body.
We're not gonna stay for long.
Let's go!
[doors creaking]
-[droplet echoes]
-[gasps]
What's going on?!
[Shiki] Where did everything go?!
[Rebecca] What the heck is this?!
[Xiaomei] How long has it been since
I had guests in the Temple of Knowledge?
[all gasp]
I know all there is to know in the galaxy.
I am Xiaomei, the Time Oracle.
[Pino]
You must be the legendary fortuneteller.
[Xiaomei]
Not fortuneteller, dear. Time Oracle.
Whoever you are,
just tell me where to find Teacher!
I understand, Homura.
[Homura gasps] How do you know my name?
[Xiaomei] Oh, it's not just yours.
Weisz, Shiki, Rebecca,
Happy, Pino.
How do you know all of this?
[Xiaomei] All knowledge
in the galaxy is mine to know.
From your names,
to your purpose, and arrival time.
-Amazing.
-This is so cool!
Even the time?
Our friend told us,
time stands still on this planet,
but the river and clouds
were still moving,
and so was the planet itself.
It's only frozen
from a relative standpoint.
Whenever you're on this planet,
time off-world doesn't move.
Huh?
[Xiaomei] As long as you're on Mildian,
the flow of of time
simply does not affect you.
It doesn't matter
how many years pass while you're here.
Once you leave, you'll return
to the exact time you arrived.
I don't really get it, but that's awesome!
Hold up! I don't want my time paused!
That's so scary!
Try not to think about it too deeply.
That's just how things work
on this planet.
Okay, so where is my teacher?!
-It won't take long to find her.
-[Homura grunts]
Matter of fact,
I already know where she can be found.
[gasps]
Although, I can't tell you
that information for free.
-[Weisz] Ah, geez!
-[Shiki] Stingy.
Well, how much do you want, then?
Oh, I don't need any of your money.
Like I said, I know all there is to know.
I know what type of partner
your crush is interested in.
I know what the weather
is going to be like tomorrow.
I even know every planet's
military secrets.
Therefore, I need something of equal value
in return for the information I give.
What would that be, may I ask?
[Xiaomei] Let me think.
You want to know Valkyrie's location.
That information isn't anything harmful,
and the level it would
affect the future is about
level 10 or so, sounds right?
Level?
Oh! [chuckles playfully]
-[splashes]
-[screams]
What the--?!
-[Homura] The floor is--!
-[screaming]
[bubbling]
[screaming]
[gentle music playing]
-[screaming]
-[groan]
Huh?
[Xiaomei] Welcome!
To the Mildian Battle Colosseum!
["" by Sayuri playing]
WORDS WILL GIVE YOU STRENGTH